README.md, before:

# not-quite-an-engine
I've been using a very similar structure for the last few projects - why not boil it down to some basics, so I can start a new project more quickly and cleanly. My recent efforts have been to clean up the directory structure and provide all the improvements that I have been adding to the Voraldo codebase.

Requires `libsdl2-dev` on Ubuntu.

In order to support rapid prototyping of graphical applications, there are a number of utilities provided:

  - OpenGL Debug callback for error/warning reporting
  
  - GLM for vector and matrix types
  
  - LodePNG for loading/saving of PNG images (supports transparency)
  
  - Diamond-Square algorithm heightmap generation
  
  - JSON parsing using nlohmann's single header implementation
  
  - dearImGUI for menus, etc
  
  - Perlin Noise generation
  
  - TinyOBJLoader for loading of Wavefront .OBJ 3D model files
  
  - Brent Werness' Voxel Automata Terrain (VAT), converted from processing to C++
  
  - BigInt library required by the VAT implementation (to replace java/processing BigInt)
  
  - SDL is used for windowing and input handling, basic template for application in `resources/engine_code/`
  
 
The cmakelists.txt is currently WIP, due to some issues linking. On Ubuntu the makefile should work fine.

Commit message:

cmakelists fixed, build script for linux

README.md, after:

# not-quite-an-engine
I've been using a very similar structure for the last few projects - why not boil it down to some basics, so I can start a new project more quickly and cleanly. My recent efforts have been to clean up the directory structure and provide all the improvements that I have been adding to the Voraldo codebase.

Requires `libsdl2-dev` on Ubuntu.

In order to support rapid prototyping of graphical applications, there are a number of utilities provided:

  - OpenGL Debug callback for error/warning reporting
  
  - GLM for vector and matrix types
  
  - LodePNG for loading/saving of PNG images (supports transparency)
  
  - Diamond-Square algorithm heightmap generation
  
  - JSON parsing using nlohmann's single header implementation
  
  - dearImGUI for menus, etc
  
  - Perlin Noise generation
  
  - TinyOBJLoader for loading of Wavefront .OBJ 3D model files
  
  - Brent Werness' Voxel Automata Terrain (VAT), converted from processing to C++
  
  - BigInt library required by the VAT implementation (to replace java/processing BigInt)
  
  - SDL is used for windowing and input handling, basic template for application in `resources/engine_code/`
  
 
Run build.sh in order to build on Ubuntu. It just automates the building of the executable and moves it to the root directory, as files are referenced relative to that location, and then deletes the build folder.
